# Senior-Design

&emsp;Current social media networks are limited in the control they provide to users. The aim of our project is to provide enhanced user control and privacy management. On current social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, etc. posts are public to the whole world by default and there are minimal settings one can access to take control over who sees your content (blocking users, making groups, etc). Many users may wish to have more fine tuned options to have an experience tailored to their exact needs rather than let algorithms decide how they are interacted with.<br />
&emsp;Each of the platforms also use their own content delivery algorithm which makes it difficult to know where a user's content may end up. Most existing platforms do offer a feed from only people you are following, but this is often mixed in with algorithmically picked content with the goal of increasing website visit time rather than concise user experience. Most platforms also use the same conventional content display format. The challenge of our project is to provide a unique user interface that will set our platform apart from the others.<br />
&emsp;In [project name], prospective customers will be able to post content to personal boards, collaborate on invited boards, and contribute to public boards. They will also have the ability to fine-tune their content's visibility by utilizing privacy settings. Additionally, customers will have the option to share boards directly with other users rather than sharing to their feed or followers. With this option, the customer would be able to completely bypass a “middleman” server to add a layer of security to their content.
